What is it guys it will come so as the person you are with this team and we can see that we are totally
on this.
So if you have any of the confusion on the home page then I want to clarify to you because my heart
is saying that I should teach you everything.
OK.
So I want to go to customize right here and I want to tell you one thing.
OK we want to configure this about this page and also that conduct.
So we want to go to our website you are relegated.
OK.
And I want to go to the Blue Pete ashot and OK here what I want to do I want to align I want to assign
this to a bodas page.
This is about a speech and this is the Contact Us page so you can rename it as that get a code page.
You can send a code to the customer.
Now how many products or how many hard words you want.
OK so I would align this I just want to click here and I want to click here to the link and here I want
to add this like I want to come here I'm going to copy this thing and I'm going to paste it right here
and I'm going to hit apply changes.
So if someone will click this he will be redirected to this page and I want to copy this all in here
here.
I want to come here and I want to hit click this and I want to paste this link right here and it will
open up in the same tab not in the new tab.
OK I want to apply the changes so you can see this as this is completed and this is completed.
I want to come here and I want to change.
I want to make some changes right here.
I want to change it to
free shipping.
OK.
And I want to change this icon.
I want to come here and when hit Prowse A-Kon and I want to search it to be a van.
No I don't have an I need a car.
Just one.
OK.
I'm just going to select this and I'm going to hit True's icon so you can see that this icon is selected.
I have the icon style I can choose the rounded background I can use the normal or I can choose the border.
I'm going to hit the default one and the size is the extra large I'm going to apply changes and you
can see it is right here.
So what I can do I can also delete this whole item if you want to.
OK you can see this is right here if I just get in here at your settings you can see how this is coming.
So this is coming right this I can go with the super features as well.
I can change this if I want to.
OK.
I can even add an item as well if I want to add one more right here.
I will just come here and you can see it is right here so you can add as many services as you want and
you can see how this is coming so I can add one more I can add one more and I can add one more if I
want three services right here.
So this is outgrowths OK.
What I'm going to do I don't need this one so I'm going to come here I'm going to hit.
Ok delete delete and delete as well so you can basically edited directly from here.
OK.
I can even bring this to the top.
You can see how this is coming.
OK.
I'm going to change this to be like a twenty four seven contact support.
And I want to change the icon to be the headphone
icon apply the changes.
Let's come here and I want to change this one as well.
So I want to name it as
same day shipping pay.
I want to add an icon here and the icons should be
just one.
I like this one.
OK.
There we go.
You can see it is coming in coming here and I want to apply changes so you can see same day shipping
free shipping 24 7.
Contact 24 24 7 Konda slice 7 contact support.
There you go.
You can change this by clicking it here by clicking it here and right clicking it here.
You can see these are the three services the main services that we offer.
We go down and then we have this alarm ipsum so you can show anything right here.
He can see or if you want to delete it completely You can also delete it.
This is called Basically the About section brand new word pristine.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit our
what we do.
OK.
I just the one that's hit this.
And I can add here anything that we provide shipping in something like that OK.
And I can add a tray here and then to get started.
Now obviously I want to align the conduct this feed.
OK so that the person can contact me that he wants to me to ship that I came in change this image right
here.
You can see the select library's coming.
So if I want to add any image I can just add myself here.
There we go.
I have to crop it.
OK I know I'm not looking good so but just will just get the crop.
And there we go you can see that I'm look I'm coming here and I'm sick.
So I think I should go with this one.
Crop image.
Here we go.
I can even add an element if I want to you can see it is asking me which meant I want to add to you
can see this is the about section if I want to delete it I'll just come here and out till deleted perfectly
completely.
OK.
I don't even go to the settings are fed.
So more design options will be available in the pill version.
This is not recommended for two by a provision.
OK.
And then you can add something like.
Hear more about what you offer what you not offer.
OK so this at
smart packaging
and that I want to add here.
Custom
custom officer support and Clarins
custom officer support.
OK.
And here you can add anything.
So this is basically a hardware company.
Those who ship so they can give the custom officer Sipple how to clear your products from custom and
something like that.
If their products get stuck in that so you can add one more thing.
And if you want to add one you can just come here and then you can add it.
Hey
now if I just come here you can see that I can add one like this but I don't need it so I'll just say
I'm here.
I'll just get this.
Just leave it a few things we recreate at.
So we create these things.
OK.
We go down and then we have the case study and something like that.
So let's say that if you don't want this whole team.
OK you want your home base to be the perfect or normal.
So what you will do will publish.
OK.
And then what you have to do you have to go to the front page the Tastee.
So you have to hit it OK.
And then what you have to do you basically have to come here and you have to get at it for a mentor
and you have to remove every time from here.
So then you'll remove everything from here and you'll hit at that elementary then you get obviously
added this whole page and
customize your element tour bit belowdecks OK.
You cannot edit this basically.
I just hate it because this team cannot let me do that.
OK.
So I can change this as well if I want to.
Might not do it perfectly.
So what I'm going to do.
OK here we have the page Condon's section.
You can see that we have so many pages content in a pro version.
I would not recommend you to buy this.
OK.
Now we're totally done with our website.
OK you guys already know that how you can design it how you can customize it completely if you want
to you can customize this home page from the section you have to just selected.
It's going to come here.
And indeed you have to click here and then you have to change it so if you want to change an image you
can also change an image if you want to completely remove anything.
You can just come here.
And so if I am editing this one OK I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to hit delete.
And that's this is deleted so this is how you can completely manager.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And let's go ahead and let's hit publish and let's have a look at a Web site that we created.
So this is how our Web site is looking.
OK.
I want to go to the visit site.
And you can see this is how my day is looking if I just click to about us it's going to take me to the
About Us page.
That is the page that we have designed and created.
And you can see that this is already looking amazing.
And if I just go to the contact us or get get a coat you can see it is taking me to conduct page where
I have to enter my name email and it takes to have a coffee with us.
So I have everything right here.
I go down I go down and there we go you have this what we do.
And if I just click this it's going to take me to the contact display to get to this is how basically
this works and if I just move down this logo is also changing.
So I guess we're watching this we are now totally done with what say you have to just do a project you
have to submit this saying hey to me.
OK.
In the projects section and I'll just give you the feedback.
So thanks all guys and goodbye.